
DESCRIPTION

    MercuryCG is the postprocessing tool for extracting coarse-grained fields from particle data.

SYNTAX

    You need to specify the base name of the MercuryDPM output files (data/fstat or restart files) that should be analysed.
    Additional arguments can be specified as [-option value] pairs:

        ./MercuryCG name [-option value]


EXAMPLES OF USE

    1) To extract spatially-averaged continuum fields (i.e. the fields are functions of t only) from
        the output files name.*, use the following command:

        ./MercuryCG name -coordinates O

    2) To extract fully-resolved continuum fields (i.e. the fields are functions of x, y, z and t) from the output files name.* on a 10x10x10 spatial grid, use the following command

        ./MercuryCG name -coordinates XYZ -n 10

OPTIONS

    -help
        Outputs a usage message and exits

    -coordinate value, -stattype value
        Determines which spatial dimensions should be resolved.
        Possible values are O, X, Y, Z, XY, XZ, YZ, XYZ, default is O.

    -function value, -cgtype value
        Determines the cg function.
        Possible values are Gauss, Heaviside, Linear, Lucy, default is Lucy.

    -fields value
        Determines which fields should be extracted.
        Possible values are StandardFields, LiquidMigrationFields, GradVelocityFields, default is StandardFields.

    -timeaverage
        If this option is specified, the data will be time-averaged.

    -timesmooth
        If this option is specified, the data will be coarse-grained in time.

    -n value
        Creates a spatial grid of n elements in each resolved dimension.
        Equivalent to '-nx value -ny value -nz value'.

    -nx value, -ny value, -nz value
        Specifies the amount of elements in each spatial direction.
        Will be ignored if the spatial direction is not resolved.
        Coarse-grained fields will be evaluated at the midpoints of each element.
        By default, the domain  is equal to the spatial domain of the DPM, as specified in the restart file (or data file if no restart file is given). However, the domain of the grid can be specified by the -x, -y, -z options.
        For example, for '-x 0 10 -nx 5', the cg fields will be evaluated at x=1,3,5,7,9.

    -h value
        Allows you to specify the element size in stead of the number of elements of the spatial grid.
        Equivalent to '-hx value -hy value -hz value'.

    -hx value, -hz value, -hz value
        Allows you to specify the element size in stead of the number of elements of the spatial grid.
        Equivalent to -nx ceil((maxX-minX)/value), where [minX,maxX] is the domain of the spatial grid.

    -n value
        Creates a spatial grid of n elements in each resolved dimension.
        Equivalent to '-nx value -ny value -nz value'.

    -x value1 value2, -y value1 value2, -z value1 value2
        Specifies the domain of the spatial grid on which the coarse-grained fields will be evaluated.
        For example, for '-x 0 10 -nx 5', the cg fields will be evaluated at x=1,3,5,7,9.

    -t value1 value2, -tmin value, -tmax value
        Specifies the minimum and maximum time values on which the cg fields will be evaluated.

    -o value
        Specifies the name of the output file in which the cg fields are written.
        By default, the output file will be named 'name.stat'.

    -restartAndAnalyse:
        Restarts the code and analyses the running simulation instead of analysing the data files

    -readFromRestart:
        Uses the restart files instead of the data files for analysis


For more information see http://docs.mercurydpm.org/Trunk/de/db6/MercuryCG.html